c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.exe
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.deps.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.pdb
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.Model.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.Model.pdb
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.CourseAdminSystem.API.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\CourseAdminSystem.API.styles.css
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAd.CB9971C4.Up2Date
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.pdb
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\gym\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.exe
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.deps.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.pdb
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.Model.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.Model.pdb
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.CourseAdminSystem.API.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\CourseAdminSystem.API.styles.css
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAd.CB9971C4.Up2Date
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.pdb
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\wwwkr\fullstack\orange\CourseAdminSystemBackend\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.exe
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.deps.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.pdb
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Npgsql.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.Model.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\bin\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.Model.pdb
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.CourseAdminSystem.API.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.CourseAdminSystem.API.props
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\CourseAdminSystem.API.styles.css
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAd.CB9971C4.Up2Date
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.pdb
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\CourseAdminSystem.API.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Carov\Downloads\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main (1)\CourseAdminSystemBackend-main\CourseAdminSystem.API\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\CourseAdminSystem.API.dll
